DOC-2035: Added TINY-9807 to the release notes. (#2702)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Backspace would in some situations delete the image after the cursor instead of before it as expected.
//#TINY-9807

> In previos versions of {productname}, after pressing backspace occasionally would deleted a image after the cursor instead of the expected deletion before it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of {productname}, after pressing backspace occasionally would delete an image after the cursor instead of the expected deletion before it.
```

> === Backspace would in some situations delete the image after the cursor instead of before it as expected.
> //#TINY-9807
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, after pressing backspace occasionally would delete an image after the cursor instead of the expected deletion before it.
> 
> This issue occurred when the cursor was positioned between two image elements and as a consequence, the wrong image was unexpectedly deleted.
> 
> As a result of the fix applied in {productname} 6.5, the expected image is now deleted as intended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Pressing the Backspace key would, in some situations, delete the image after the insertion point instead of before it
//#TINY-9807

In previous versions of {productname}, if the insertion point was set between two image elements and the backspace key was pressed, the trailing image was mistakenly treated as an inline formatting element that should be deleted

Consequently, the image after the insertion point was deleted, not the image before the insertion point.

With this update, {productname} now determines the element structure properly and no longer treats the trailing image incorrectly.

Pressing the Backspace key in this circumstance now deletes the image before the insertion point, as expected.
```

Edits.
